---
id: 6
title: Backend developer
team: Australia inc
price: $7,000 - $53,000
salaryClass: Monthly Salary
location: USA
locationArea: Australia, USA
member: Oct 2008
experience: 5-10
admin: Larry page
tittleImg: /images/companyLogo2.png
logo: /images/jobLogo6.png
publishData: Feb 10th, 2023
aboutCompany: also set rules for the sections included in the letter, from salutation to sign-off, and how the letter is organized. Here's a quick lowdown on the main sections included in a job application letter:1 Heading A letter of application should begin with both your and the employer's contact info
rating: 4.9
employ: 1-200
---


There are also set rules for the sections included in the letter, from salutation to sign-off, and how the letter is organized. Here's a quick lowdown on the main sections included in a job application letter:1 Heading: A letter of application should begin with both your and the employer's contact information (name, address, phone number, email) followed by the date. If this is an email rather than an actual letter, include your contact information at the end of the letter, after your signature. Salutation: This is your polite greeting. The most common salutation is Dear Mr./Ms. followed by the person's last name. Find out more about appropriate cover letter salutations, including what to do if you don't know the person's name, or are unsure of a contact's gender. Body of the letter: Think of this section as being three distinct parts. In the first paragraph, you'll want to mention the job you are applying for and where you saw the job listing. The next paragraph(s) are the most important part of your letter. Remember how you gathered all that information about what employers were seeking, and how you could meet their needs? This is where you'll share those relevant details on your experience and accomplishments.  The third and last part of the body of the letter will be your thank you to the employer; you can also offer follow-up information. Complimentary Close: Sign off your email with a polite close, such as Best or Sincerely, followed by your name.